{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720\fs20
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Rich Traube\par}
{\pard \qr \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 252 Linden Street, Moorestown, NJ 08057 | rich.traube@gmail.com | (773) 964-2941\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/richtraube"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.linkedin.com/in/richtraube
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I have recently obtained a CCNA and have taken courses for an MCSA. I am looking forward to combining my library experience and technological knowledge base to provide help desk support for a library community.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/trauber"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://github.com/trauber
}}}
 for information about software I have written; source code available.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Network Learning Institute, Course work toward certfication - MSCA (MS Server 2012 R2) \u8211- 2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Installation; Configuration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 University of Chicago, Course work towards Bachelor of Arts - European History \u8211- 1976-1981\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Computer: CCNA Certified; Microsoft Server 2012; Access SQL; document management; HTML e-mail; Linux; Unix; bash; XSLT; GitHub; perl; bibliographic management software; HTML; Javascript; PHP; MySQL; CSS; TeX and LaTeX\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Office: Microsoft Office productivity (Excel, Word, and strong Microsoft Access); strong communication, complaint resolution skills (in-person, telephone, e-mail, IM); scheduling; documentation; staff training; data entry and data analysis; touch typing (60 wpm); document scanning; LibreOffice; report writing and preparation; library reference services; Research methods\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b University of Chicago, Supervisor, Social Service Administration Library \u8211- 2005-2011}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Directed all daily operations of university branch library; supervised staff of seven, managed staff hiring, training, scheduling, evaluation and helped with project development and oversight.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote, formatted, and maintained content for SSA Library\u8217's web site and designed layout.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote documentation and standard operating procedures for various library functions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Used open source software to provide in-house web and mobile scheduling of employees.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote perl script to categorize social service research sources.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote an awk script to generate AutoHotkey macros to vastly accelerate input of journal citations and links from aggregators into the integrated library system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Served as Systems Liaison between SSA Library and University Library\u8217's Systems Office.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Assisted with reference work, specializing in assistance with reference management software and database use.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Appointed member of Access committee for oversight of public services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Alpha and beta tester for new reserve module of the integrated library system.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b University of Chicago, Library Assistant II, Regenstein Library Course Reserves \u8211- 2003-2005}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Processor in extremely busy university course reserve department: processed requests from faculty and their proxies; obtained sources; processed paper and digital content; created and maintained records in integrated library system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote Microsoft Access queries to provide data for annual report.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved various aspects of course reserve processing by creating Microsoft Access reports: book and article procurement; scanning triage; copyright compliance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Appointed member of committee to develop specifications for the new reserve module of the integrated library system, ARES.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Previous Work Highlights\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote for and maintained web sites.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote Microsoft Access reports to produce annual report tables and to improve course reserve processing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved on printed reserve catalog book with Microsoft Access generated web listings of books on library reserve for undergraduate courses; each title linked to real time circulation data in the integrated library system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed a new nroff based system to replace reserve index card catalog with a printed book.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote AskSam database for printing a catalog of books on reserve for law courses.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Volunteer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Invention Convention, New Albany Elementary School, Data Entry \u8211- 2015}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Entered invention contest data into Microsoft Access database.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Moorestown Public Library, Data Entry/Database Development \u8211- 2011-2012}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Entered data and wrote prototype MySQL/PHP database and web interface for searching indices of Moorestown NJ newspapers.\sa180\par}
}
