{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720\fs20
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Rich Traube (CCNA)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 252 Linden Street, Moorestown, NJ 08057 | rich.traube@gmail.com | (773) 964-2941\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/richtraube"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.linkedin.com/in/richtraube
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I have extensive experience in a high demand academic environment and bring computer expertise, leadership, reliability, and innovation to all projects and tasks. Having obtained certification in Cisco Routing and Switching (CCNA) and pursuing certification in Microsoft Server 2012 Solutions (MCSA), I am looking for a permanent, full-time opportunity in Internet Technology.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/trauber"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://github.com/trauber
}}}
 for information about software I have written; source code available. Please e-mail me with any questions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Miles Technologies, Moorestown, NJ, Certification - Windows 7 \u8211- 2016-Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Remote Support (with a focus on Windows 7)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Network Learning Institute, Mount Laurel, NJ, Certified (CSCO12946171) - CCNA \u8211- 2015-2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Certified with high passing grade; Networking Fundamentals; LANs & Switches; IPV4 Addressing & Subnetting; Route Summarization; Access Control Lists; IPV6 Fundamentals; Spanning Tree Protocol; IPV4 Troubleshooting; Routing Protocols: OSPF, EIGRP & Troubleshooting; WANS; IPV6 Troubleshooting - EIGRP & OSPF; Network Management\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Network Learning Institute, Mount Laurel, NJ, Course work toward certfication - MSCA (MS Server 2012 R2) \u8211- 2015-Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, Course work towards Bachelor of Arts - European History \u8211- 1976-1981\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Office: Research methods; Microsoft Office productivity (Excel, Word, and strong Microsoft Access); strong communication, complaint resolution skills (in-person, telephone, e-mail, IM); LibreOffice; high volume data entry and data analysis; report writing and preparation; library reference services; scheduling; touch typing (60 wpm); document scanning; staff training; documentation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Computer: CCNA Certified; Microsoft Server 2012; Linux; Unix; bash; GitHub; perl; Access SQL; bibliographic management software; HTML; HTML e-mail; Javascript; PHP; MySQL; CSS; TeX and LaTeX; XSLT; document management\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Moorestown Township Public Schools, Substitute Paraprofessional \u8211- 2016-present}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Home, Stay at Home Dad \u8211- 2011-2016}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b University of Chicago, Supervisor, Social Service Administration Library \u8211- 2005-2011}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Directed all daily operations of university branch library; supervised staff of seven, managed staff hiring, training, scheduling, evaluation and helped with project development and oversight.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote, formatted, and maintained content for SSA Library\u8217's web site and designed layout.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote documentation and standard operating procedures for various library functions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Used open source software to provide in-house web and mobile scheduling of employees.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote perl script to categorize social service research sources.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote an awk script to generate AutoHotkey macros to vastly accelerate input of journal citations and links from aggregators into the integrated library system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Served as Systems Liaison between SSA Library and University Library\u8217's Systems Office.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Assisted with reference work, specializing in assistance with reference management software and database use.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Appointed member of Access committee for oversight of public services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Alpha and beta tester for new reserve module of the integrated library system.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b University of Chicago, Library Assistant II, Regenstein Library Course Reserves \u8211- 2003-2005}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Processor in extremely busy university course reserve department: processed requests from faculty and their proxies; obtained sources; processed paper and digital content; created and maintained records in integrated library system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote Microsoft Access queries to provide data for annual report.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved various aspects of course reserve processing by creating Microsoft Access reports: book and article procurement; scanning triage; copyright compliance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Appointed member of committee to develop specifications for the new reserve module of the integrated library system, ARES.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Previous Work Highlights\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote for and maintained web sites.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote Microsoft Access reports to produce annual report tables and to improve course reserve processing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved on printed reserve catalog book with Microsoft Access generated web listings of books on library reserve for undergraduate courses; each title linked to real time circulation data in the integrated library system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed a new nroff based system to replace reserve index card catalog with a printed book.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Wrote AskSam database for printing a catalog of books on reserve for law courses.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Volunteer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Invention Convention, New Albany Elementary School, Data Entry \u8211- 2015}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Entered invention contest data into Microsoft Access database.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Moorestown Public Library, Data Entry/Database Development \u8211- 2011-2012}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Entered data and wrote prototype MySQL/PHP database and web interface for searching indices of Moorestown NJ newspapers.\sa180\par}
}
